Please be aware that every LOD stage has its own material/texture map by default. 
E.g. all LOD 0 rocks share the same texture map, all LOD 1 rocks have their own texture map, etc. 

It is possible to use LOD 1 or LOD 2 stages separate from the LOD groups as meshes. Therefore the 
LOD 1 and LOD 2 textures have also a 4096 resolution. The LOD meshes must be unparented from the 
LOD groups to be used separately.

But if you want to use the LOD groups of the rocks/druid circle, you can replace the LOD1 / LOD2 
material with the corresponding LOD 0 material. All LOD stages use the same material/texture map then. This is 
better for performance because only one material will be used and only one texture map is loaded 
into the texture memory instead of three.

To replace the LOD1 / LOD2 materials, go to the Prefabs/rocks or Prefabs/DruidCircle folders. 
Expand the rock/druid circle prefabs until the LOD stages are listed. Now mark all LOD 1 and LOD 2 
objects with left clicking while holding down CTRL. If all objects are marked, expand the material 
entry in the mesh renderer component in the inspector window on the right.

Go to FBX/DruidCircle/Materials or FBX/Rocks+Stones/Materials. Drag and drop the “DruidCircle” or 
“RocksStones” material into the material entry of the LOD meshes you have marked. Of course the 
“DruidCircle” material must be assigned to the druid circle LOD meshes and the “RocksStones” material 
to the rock LOD meshes. Now all LOD stages will use the same material/texture map. 

Please note: The textures of the LOD 0 materials are made for the LOD 0 stages, so there will be 
some texture seams on the LOD 1 and LOD 2 stages. But this is not a problem because the LOD1 / LOD2 
meshes are only seen from a distance. Only if the transition from LOD 0 to LOD 1 is at a really 
close distance these seams might be visible.

If there are problems with visible seams you can always change back the LOD 0 materials on the 
LOD meshes to the LOD1 / LOD2 materials.
